Qa day 5 (#1358)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/create-an-insomnia-plugin.md

products:
- insomnia
breadcrumbs: 
  - /insomnia/plugins/
tags:
- plugins

tldr:
  q: How do I create a new Insomnia plugin?

>   a: Create a NodeJS module in the Insomnia plugins directory and add it to Insomnia. To publish on the [Plugin Hub](https://insomnia.rest/plugins), publish it as an un-scoped public package to the npm public registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a: Create a NodeJS module in the Insomnia plugins directory and add it to Insomnia. To publish on the [Plugin Hub](https://insomnia.rest/plugins), publish it as an unscoped public package to the npm public registry.
```
It's "unscoped" according to npm: https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-and-publishing-unscoped-public-packages
